### v0.8.0 (in development)

- [enhancement] a placeholder value for :map textarea fields to indicate that JSON content is expected.
- [enhancement] enhanced "humanization" of field names in index page.
- [enhancement] removed `:permission` field option in favor of `:create` and `:update` options for more control and customization.
- [enhancement] improved checkbox form control UI (thanks @areski).
- [enhancement] new and improved design (thanks @areski).
- [enhancement] include checkboxes in index page to clearly indicate records are selectable.
- [enhancement] add custom links to the side menu.
- [enhancement] pagination, filtration, and searching are now bookmarkable with querystring parameters.
- [enhancement] `count` query result is now cached if the table has more than 100,000 records (thanks @areski).

### v0.7.1 (2020-05-23)

###### compatible with v0.7.0

- [bugfix] kaffy was ignoring the default/custom changeset functions when creating/updating records.
- [enhancement] do not show the "Tasks" menu item if there are no tasks (thanks @areski).
- [enhancement] esthetic changes on the index page (thanks @areski).

### v0.7.0 (2020-05-22)

###### compatible with v0.6.x

- [feature] introducing simple scheduled tasks.
- [enhancement] search across assocations.
- [enhancement] improve how autodetected schema names are formatted.
- [enhancement] clicking on the upper left title goes to the website's root "/" (used to go to the dashboard page, which already has a link in the menu).
- [enhancement] fix a few typos in README (thanks @areski).

### v0.6.2 (2020-05-20)

###### compatible with v0.6.1

- [enhancement] by default, do not include autogenerated fields resource form page.
- [enhancement] order autodetected contexts/schemas alphabetically.
- [bugfix] multi-word CamelCase schemas weren't being saved properly.

### v0.6.1 (2020-05-19)

###### compatible with v0.6.0

- [bugfix] sometimes the primary key field (id) is treated as an association.
- [bugfix] the popup for selecting a "belongs_to" record was not displaying any records.
- [bugfix] use `fn/0` instead of `fn/1` with `Ecto.Repo.transaction/2` to support ecto 2.x.

### v0.6.0 (2020-05-18)

###### incompatible with v0.5.x

- [feature] support custom actions for a group of selected resources in index page.
- [enhancement] **breaking change** - always include the `:kaffy_browser` pipeline to display templates correctly. Please check the minimum configurations section in the README for more information on how to upgrade.
- [bugfix] resource index page table was displayed incorrectly when using a custom pipeline.
- [bugfix] all side menu resources are shown by default including sections that are not currently active.
- [bugfix] side menu does not scroll when there are too many contexts/schemas.
- [bugfix] side menu items all popup at the same time when viewed on small screens.
- [misc] added a demo link to the hex package page.

### v0.5.1 (2020-05-17)

###### compatible with v0.5.0

- [enhancement] add a rich text editor option for form fields (`type: :richtext`).
- [bugfix] dashboard widgets were displayed improperly on small screens.

### v0.5.0 (2020-05-16)

###### compatible with v0.4.x

- [feature] introducing custom widgets in the dashboard.

### v0.4.1 (2020-05-14)

###### compatible with v0.4.0

- [feature] add custom field filters.
- [bugfix] sometimes if `index/1` is not defined in the admin module, the index page is empty.

### v0.4.0 (2020-05-13)

###### incompatible with v0.3.x

- [breaking] pass `conn` struct to all callback functions.
- [feature] introducing custom actions for single resources.
- [enhancement] fix typo in the resource form (thanks @axelclark).

### v0.3.2 (2020-05-12)

###### compatible with v0.3.1

- [bugfix] Kaffy didn't compile with elixir < 1.10 due to the use of `Kernel.is_struct`. It is currently tested with elixir 1.7+
- [bugfix] Sometimes new records couldn't be created if they have `:map` fields.

### v0.3.1 (2020-05-12)

###### compatible with v0.3.0

- [enhancement] A better way to support foreign key fields with a huge amount of records to select from.
- [enhancement] Retrieve the actual name of the association field from the association struct.

### v0.3.0 (2020-05-11)

###### compatible with v0.2.x

- [feature] Added ability to delete resources.
- [feature] Added resource callbacks when creating, updating, and deleting resources.
- [bugfix] Don't try to decode map fields when they are empty.

### v0.2.1 (2020-05-10)

###### compatible with v0.2.1

- [feature] Added support for embedded schemas.
- [feature] Added support for `:map` fields for json values.
- [enhancement] Use the json library configured for phoenix instead of hardcoding `Jason`.
- [bugfix] Don't crash when the schema has a `has_many` or `has_one` association.
- [bugfix] Don't crash when the schema has a map field or an embedded schema.

### v0.2.0 (2020-05-09)

###### incompatible with v0.1.x

- [enhancement] Kaffy now supports phoenix 1.4 and higher.
- [breaking] The `:otp_app` config is now required.
- [enhancement] Removed some deprecation warnings when compiling kaffy
- [enhancement] Massively simplified configurations. The only required configs now are `otp_app`, `ecto_repo`, and `router`.
- [feature] Kaffy will now auto-detect your schemas and admin modules if they're not set explicitly. See the README file for more.

### v0.1.2 (2020-05-08)

###### compatible with v0.1.1

- [enhancement] Much improved UI.
- [enhancement] Some code cleanups.

### v0.1.1 (2020-05-07)

- [enhancement] Removed the dependency on `:jason`.
- [bugfix] Changed `plug :fetch_live_flash` to `plug :fetch_flash` for the default pipeline.
